<h1>Code of Conduct</h1><p>As contributors and maintainers of the Heartfelt Letters Chrome Extension, we pledge to respect all people who contribute through reporting issues, posting feature requests, updating documentation, submitting pull requests, and other activities.</p><p>We are committed to making participation in this project a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of level of experience, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, personal appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, age, religion, or nationality.</p><p>Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:</p><ul><li>The use of sexualized language or imagery</li><li>Personal attacks</li><li>Trolling or insulting/derogatory comments</li><li>Public or private harassment</li><li>Publishing others' private information, such as physical or electronic addresses, without explicit permission</li><li>Other unethical or unprofessional conduct.</li></ul><p>The Heartfelt Letters project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned with this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.</p><p>By adopting this Code of Conduct, project maintainers commit themselves to fairly and consistently applying these principles to every aspect of managing this project. Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct may be permanently removed from the project team.</p><p>This code of conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community.</p><p>Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by emailing heartfeltletters.developer@gmail.com. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident. Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.</p><p>Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other members of the project's leadership.</p><p>This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant, version 1.4, available at <a href="https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct.html" target="_new">https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct.html</a>.</p>
